31553: Improve Snapshots Info on What Gets Backed Up and Limitations (#519)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/snapshots-overview.md

Snapshots use the Velero open source project as the backend to back up Kubernetes manifests and persistent volumes. Velero is a mature, fully-featured application. For more information, see the [Velero documentation](https://velero.io/docs/).

In addition to the default functionality that Velero provides, the Replicated admin console provides a detailed interface where your users can manage storage destinations, schedule snapshots, and perform and monitor the backup process. For more information, see [About Backup and Restore](/enterprise/snapshots-understanding) in the _Enterprise_ documentation.

These details can also be managed using the kots CLI, which is the CLI for the Replicated app manager.

:::note
The restore process is managed through the kots CLI only.
:::

The app manager also exposes hooks that can be used to inject scripts to execute with snapshots both [before and after a backup](snapshots-configuring-backups) and [before and after a restore](../enterprise/snapshots-understanding).

## What Data is Backed Up

> There are two types of snapshots available that backup different types of data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of snapshots available that back up different types of data:
```
